Current capabilities
....................

 o Support for accessing documents and data through Gopher, WAIS,
   World Wide Web, FTP, NNTP/Usenet news, Techinfo, TeXinfo, Telnet,
   tn3270, Archie, CSO qi/ph, NCSA DMF, local files, and other
   sources.
 o Friendly X/Motif user interface.
 o Color and monochrome default X resource settings.
 o Multiple independent toplevel windows.
 o History list per window (both 'where you've been' and 'where you
   can go').
 o Global history with previously visited locations visually distinct;
   global history is persistent across sessions.
 o Hotlist/bookmark capability -- keep list of interesting documents,
   add/remove/edit items, list is persistent across sessions.
 o Personal annotations with GUI annotation entry dialog; annotations
   can later be edited or deleted, and hyperlinks to existing annotations
   are inlined into subsequent accesses of an annotated document. (Note:
   any document from any server via any access method can be
   annotated.)
 o Group annotations with NCSA group annotation server (not yet
   released).
 o Audio (voice) annotations with GUI for controlling recording process
   (SGI, SGI, and HP only).
 o Support for recognizing and handling GIF, JPEG, TIFF, audio, AIFF,
   DVI, MPEG, MIME, XWD, RGB, HDF, PostScript documents and forking
   off appropriate viewers.
 o Transparent and automatic uncompression of compressed (.Z) and
   gzip'd (.z or .gz) files.
 o Inlined images in formatted (HTML) text: X bitmaps and GIF images
   can be included anywhere inside a document, and can act as hyperlink
   anchors. Image files themselves can be located anywhere on the
   network.  Images can act as maps, so clicking on them sends
   coordinates of click to remote server.
 o Binary transfer mode, for pulling down arbitrary binary files and
   saving them to local disk without viewing them.
 o In-document search capability.
 o Fully 8-bit clean for formatted and plain text.
 o Options for new window per document (aka TurboGopher interface)
   -- always, or via middle mouse button.
 o On-the-fly font and hyperlink style selection.
 o Many common document and data source choices accessible via
   menubar.
 o Keyword search capability (for WAIS, Gopher, Archie, etc.).
 o Cut and paste formatted text into other X windows.
 o Smart handling of documents too big for single X window -- virtual
   document pages via inlined hypertext.
 o Save/mail/print documents in several formats, including formatted
   ASCII text and PostScript.
 o Online hypertext help and FAQ list.
 o No config or resource file installation required; self-contained
   executable.
 o Extremely customizable.
 o Can be controlled by signals to allow use as a full-featured help
   or information presentation subsystems by existing applications.
 o Integrated with NCSA Collage and NCSA DTM to broadcast
   documents into real-time networked workgroup collaboration
   sessions.
